1. "How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?"
I interpret the needs by putting myself into the position of the user and figuring out what functionality I would need or want to see in the program for the maximum effectiveness of the program as well as ease of use. You can also take time to work with your teammates to brainstorm what these might look like and have a good time figuring out what works best. "User stories" are a method of putting yourself into the shoes of the end user to create scenarios a user might run into when using the program. These help programmers come up with good ideas for things to implement into the product.

3. "How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?"
For the few small projects I've worked on, my approach has been like a funnel. I start out trying many different ideas, unsure of where to directly go, but as I toy with ideas and refine while working on code and testing functionalities, the final image becomes clearer, until the plan comes together in one, smaller cohesive idea, that I can then use to guide the rest of my work until the completion of the project. I hope to work in an organization that uses the scrum team as its building block of agile. Since learning about this, I find that this flat framework for an organization is best for encouraging creativity and collaboration, as well as maximizing job satisfaction.

5. "What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?"
To be a good team member in software development, you need to be intrinsically motivated, collaborative, technically proficient, as well as possessing good interpersonal skills. The agile framework depends on everyone on the team contributing based on their own ability and offering their best effort. Everyone on the team is a leader as well as a follower, and your role can switch between these at any time depending on whose idea possesses the most merit. If you have a good idea, you can lead your peers to successful implementation and follow others when they have good ideas as well.
